There's no need to be nervous I can totally afford to lose this game. I won't lose
Hey, dude Frank
Long time no see
I've won. I hope that means you'll be doing business with us
What a dope game Frank
Why don't you work for me?
Let me a price. I make it happen. No, I don't think I can agree to having my assistant switch jobs
I'm sorry. I have no such intentions. Very well
You two
Make a good match. I like working straight forward people like you
Don't be fooled by this Frank guy
Three years ago. He seduced me into having an affair and then was fired now
We're gonna fare with his new boss. That's just pathetic slander. My lawyers will be sending you a cease-and-dissist letter suit
Hey Frank, how does it feel to be a sugar baby? I know all your secrets
Oh my god, my god, my god
You fucking bastard